Require dropping ALL in restricted PSS (#27882)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-standards.md

				undefined / nil<br>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>Capabilities</td>
			<td>
				Some capabilities in the <a href="https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/run/#runtime-privilege-and-linux-capabilities">default set</a> can enable attacks in certain scenarios and must be dropped.<br>
				<br><b>Restricted Fields:</b><br>
				spec.containers[*].securityContext.capabilities.drop<br>
				spec.initContainers[*].securityContext.capabilities.drop<br>
				<br><b>Allowed Values:</b><br>

> 				all<br>

Author: Note that this does not require updating https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes/website/master/content/en/examples/policy/restricted-psp.yaml because that YAML already specifies requiredDropCapabilities: ALL

> 				(an array containing "NET_RAW", with or without additional elements)<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				(an array containing "ALL", with or without additional elements)<br>
```

> 			</td>

Reviewer: also include the capabilities.add restriction that only NET_BIND_SERVICE is allowed to be added back
